# HOURLY RATE RECOMMENDATION STEPS:
    1.For every 'Not Hired' Tasker in a category find the euclidean distance across all the 'Hired' taskers in the same category. Take the average of the such distances for every 'Not Hired' Tasker.
    
    2.Use Position,Existing Hourly Rate, Num of Tasks completed as data points for calculating distances.Scale these features before calculating distances.
    
    3.Scale the calculated average distance between 0 and 0.5.
    
    4.Now the dataset has a  distance column 'DIS' - referring to the average Euclideandistance of particular 'Not Hired' Tasker from all of the 'Hired Taskers'. Value of this Column will be defaulted to '0' for the ones who are already 'hired'.
    
    5.Convert the distance measure to a similarity score using the formula 
    [Similarity= 1-scaled(Euclidean_Distance)]
    
    5.Use the Similarity Score as 'weight factor' to adjust the hourly rate.
    
    For example , a 'Not Hired' Tasker A ,in Moving Help category,with an existing hourly rate of 50$ and with Similarity Score of 0.65 (to the 'hired cohort') ,the adjusted hourly rate will be 50*0.65=32.5$. Taskers with similarity score of 1 will retain their existing hourly rate.
    
    Taskers who are at the largest distance from the 'hired cohort' will have atmost reduction of 50% to their existing hourly rate.( Refer Point 3)
    
    INDEPENDENT VARIABLE: Ranking Position,(Existing)Hourly Rate, Num_of_Tasks_Completed
    DEPENDENT VARIABLE :  Adjusted/ Recommended Hourly Rate
    
EXPLORATORY DATA ANALYSIS:
Before the above steps are followed it is important the questions below are addressed.

Question 1? Are there enough 'Hired' Taskers across all categories to calculate distances. Hiring rate across categories might have an answer for this question.

Question 2? Does Ranking Position play a role in a tasker getting hired?.In other words, should we use 'position' as a data point in calculating euclidean distances. Hiring rate across Positions might have the answer.

#ABBREVATIONS
FA- Furniture Assembly Category
MC- Mounting Category
MH- Moving Help Category


#NOTE:Above Steps(1 TO 5) are done separately for every category and intentionally, the logic is not encapsulated into a modular function for the purpose of readability.
     
